Hahahaha, dear
I'll go and say what you said earlier
Look what time it is here
Then let’s talk about it after everyone interrupts?
I was the one who interviewed me
What's wrong with waiting? What about now?
What's going on?
He is my classmate Gao Chong
If I
He just came up from the boss
want to find a job
Do you think there are any new jobs in his company?
Make some arrangements for him
Since he is the chairman
Then I see you taking a photo with him as doing that.
The company just made a mistake
Hahahaha, don’t come here
This is for me individually
Because you have to work with another layerware
It's high-end
I'll go up here
Go out and give someone a drink
Is there anyone who has died?
Now if there is no engine
Then forget it
It was me who sent it
I don't hesitate to use him
Hahahaha let's go. Come and see you later.